# 0x02. C - Functions, nested loops

## Table of contents

 
- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Completed tasks](#completed-tasks)
  - [Links to task files](#links-to-task-files)
- [Mandatory tasks](#mandatory-tasks)
- [Advanced tasks](#advanced-tasks)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgements)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Link to template](#link-to-template)

## Overview

### Completed tasks

- [x] task 0
- [x] task 1
- [x] task 2
- [x] task 3
- [x] task 4
- [x] task 5
- [x] task 6
- [x] task 7
- [x] task 8
- [x] task 9
- [x] task 10
- [ ] task 11
- [x] task 12
- [x] task 13
- [x] task 14
- [x] task 15
- [ ] task 16

### Links to task files

- **Mandatory tasks**
  - [Task 0][Task 0]
  - [Task 1][Task 1]
  - [Task 2][Task 2]
  - [Task 3][Task 3]
  - [Task 4][Task 4]
  - [Task 5][Task 5]
  - [Task 6][Task 6]
  - [Task 7][Task 7]
  - [Task 8][Task 8]
  - [Task 9][Task 9]
  - [Task 10][Task 10]
  - [Task 11][Task 11]

- **Advanced tasks**
  - [Task 12][Task 12]
  - [Task 13][Task 13]
  - [Task 14][Task 14]
  - [Task 15][Task 15]
  - [Task 16][Task 16]

#### Links to other files
  - [Header file][Header file]

[Task 0]: ./0-putchar.c
[Task 1]: ./1-alphabet.c
[Task 2]: ./2-print_alphabet_x10.c
[Task 3]: ./3-islower.c
[Task 4]: ./4-isalpha.c
[Task 5]: ./4-sign.c
[Task 6]: ./6-abs.c
[Task 7]: ./7-print_last_digit.c
[Task 8]: ./8-24_hours.c
[Task 9]: ./9-times_table.c
[Task 10]: ./10-add.c
[Task 11]: ./11-print_to_98.c
[Task 12]: ./100-times_table.c
[Task 13]: ./101-natural.c
[Task 14]: ./102-fibonacci.c
[Task 15]: ./103-fibonacci.c
[Task 16]: ./104-fibonacci.c
[Header file]: ./main.h

## Mandatory tasks

### Task 0
- Write a program that prints \_putchar, followed by a new line.
- The program should return 0

### Task 1
- Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- You can only use \_putchar twice in your code

### Task 2
- Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- You can only use \_putchar twice in your code

### Task 3
- Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
- Returns 1 if c is lowercase
- Returns 0 otherwise

### Task 4
- Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
- Returns 1 if c is a letter, lowercase or uppercase
- Returns 0 otherwise

### Task 5
- Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
- Returns 1 and prints + if n is greater than zero
- Returns 0 and prints 0 if n is zero
- Returns -1 and prints - if n is less than zero

### Task 6
- Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

### Task 7
- Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
- Returns the value of the last digit

### Task 8
- Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

### Task 9
- Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

### Task 10
- Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

### Task 11
- Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
- Numbers must be separated by a comma, followed by a space
- Numbers should be printed in order
- The first printed number should be the number passed to your function
- The last printed number should be 98
- You are allowed to use the standard library

## Advanced tasks

### Task 12
- Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
- If n is greater than 15 or less than 0 the function should not print anything

### Task 13
- If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. 
- Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
- You are allowed to use the standard library

### Task 14
- Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- The numbers must be separated by comma, followed by a space , 
- You are allowed to use the standard library

### Task 15
- Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms.
- By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89.
- By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
- You are allowed to use the standard library

### Task 16
- Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
- You are allowed to use the standard library
- You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
- You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
- You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)


## My process

### Built with
- C programming language

### What I learned


## Author

- ALX - [ALX Africa](https://www.alxafrica.com)
- Twitter - [@magadjiya](https://twitter.com/magadjiya)

## Acknowledgements


## Credits

This template is made possible and written by:
- GitHub - [Evil-Ghost](https://github.com/Evil-Ghost)
- Twitter - [@Evil\_Ghost\_\_](https://www.twitter.com/evil_ghost__)
- Medium - [Evil Ghost](https://medium.com/@evilghost)
- Website - [Coming soon...](#)

**Note: Do not remove this if you used this template**

## Link to template

- GitHub Repository - [alx-readme-template](https://github.com/Evil-Ghost/alx-readme-template)

**Note: Do not remove this if you used this template**
